README.md, before:

# Lightbeam for Firefox README

This is an add-on for Firefox that helps to visualize sites that may be tracking you around the internet. The add-on is available from https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/lightbeam/.


## Prerequisites

* [Mozilla Add-on SDK][ASDK]
* [Firefox 18][] or higher.

If you only want to see the demo, you don't need any of these; all you need is a modern browser.

## Quick Start

First, [install][] the Mozilla Add-on SDK if you haven't already.

Once it's installed, activate it in a command line terminal:

    cd addon-sdk
    source bin/activate

Then, check out the Lightbeam repository and enter it (do this where you want the lightbeam directory, not in the addon-sdk directory):

    git clone git://github.com/mozilla/lightbeam.git
    cd lightbeam

Finally, run:

    cfx run

This will start Firefox with a temporary profile that has Lightbeam installed. Just click on the Lightbeam icon at the bottom-right of the browser window to open the web front-end.

At this point, any changes you make to the web front-end simply require reloading the tab containing it. Changing the add-on, however, will require quitting Firefox and running `cfx run` again.

  [install]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Add-ons/SDK/Tutorials/Installation

## Software Used

The following software is bundled with the repository and doesn't need to be manually obtained.

* [D3][]
* [PicoModal][]
* [parseUri][]

  [ASDK]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/builder
  [D3]: http://mbostock.github.com/d3/
  [parseUri]: http://blog.stevenlevithan.com/code
  [PicoModal]: https://github.com/Nycto/PicoModal
  [Firefox 18]: http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/fx/

Commit message:

Readme modified, chrome support to be added

README.md, after:

# Lightbeam for Firefox README
Today Privacy on Internet is a major concern. While you open a website, you are connected to multiple websites without even knowing that. You never know how you are being tracked on the Internet. This plugin was originally under development at github.com/mozilla/lightbeam


This is an add-on for Firefox that helps to visualize sites that may be tracking you around the internet. The add-on is available from https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/lightbeam/.

I am trying to create a support on Chrome for this as this add on is not avaialable on Chrome but can be very useful for the users to visualize the way the surf Internet and how are they tracked over the internet. 

## Prerequisites

* [Mozilla Add-on SDK][ASDK]
* [Firefox 18][] or higher.

If you only want to see the demo, you don't need any of these; all you need is a modern browser.

## Quick Start

First, [install][] the Mozilla Add-on SDK if you haven't already.

##Update:
I am making support for making this plugin usable in 

## Software Used

The following software is bundled with the repository and doesn't need to be manually obtained.

* [D3][]
* [PicoModal][]
* [parseUri][]

  [ASDK]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/developers/builder
  [D3]: http://mbostock.github.com/d3/
  [parseUri]: http://blog.stevenlevithan.com/code
  [PicoModal]: https://github.com/Nycto/PicoModal
  [Firefox 18]: http://www.mozilla.com/en-US/firefox/fx/
